Use the filename as the document id (#29471)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/doc-reference.adoc

[source,asciidoc]
----
[id="doc-reference"] // <1>
= Quarkus documentation reference // <2>
\include::_attributes.adoc[] // <3>
:categories: contributing // <4>
----

> <1> Use the filename as the title anchor for the document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Use the filename as the ID for the document.
```
